DONE:

sprite: gnome warrior
More or less your regular fantasy gnome - the gnomes of Aenen use blue
(elemental) magic and build complicated clockwork and solar powered
devices. Their warriors fight with a variety of weapons depending on
their level (staves, morningstars, hand axes, short bows, spears,
jian, fauchards) and use a bunch of low-level blue spells (except for
the Gnome Warlock, who gets some better spells). This graphic would be
used for all those: Gnome Beggar, Knave, Robber, Scout, Trooper,
Warlock, and some of the gnome NPCs: Asius, Sarpedon, King
Mnesus.

sprite: gnome caster
The graphic for gnomes that are primarily casters - they wield gnarled
staves and cast blue spells appropriate to their level: Gnome Shaman,
Machinist, Elemental, Primary, and some of the gnome NPCs: Mentes, Glaucus.

sprite: gnome clockwork
The graphic for the clockwork war machines that the gnomes deploy... I
picture them something like the crazy MTG clockwork stuff :) they all
fight with punches.
Clockwork Digger, Clockwork Soldier, Clockwork Terror, Clockwork Vengeance.

sprite: giant snail
nasty giant snails that move slowly and bite and spit acid, their
shells are armoured

sprite: leonal warrior
The leonals of the White Order are a bunch of tall, lion-headed
knights who inhabit Danaos Castle. They're loosely based on the AD&D
Leonals... all of them wear plate mail and fight with broadswords, and
cast some low level white magic spells.
This is the graphic for the regular leonal warriors: Leonal Knight,
Peer, Champion, and some of the less important leonal NPCs: Diomedes,
Stentor.

sprite: leonal champion
This is the graphic for the elite leonal warriors (Leonal Paladin),
and the more important leonal NPCs: Belisarius, Agenor.

sprite: earth elemental
sprite: air elemental
sprite: water elemental
sprite: fire elemental
all the elementals have punch attacks and cast spells appropriate to
their element.

sprite: moulder
a plant foe, something like the AD&D shambling mound. they attack with nauseating grasps and vomiting noxious goo

sprite: twisted sapling (tree)
the animated tree monster: treant, ent, etc.


sprite: giant snake (spotted boa, mottled python)
giant snakes, some poisonous others not

sprite: skeleton
your regular D&D skeleton, generally unarmed and fighting with
corrupting touches and spells

sprite: puppet
weird animated puppets that inhabit the crazy maze Hianbian.

sprite: kami
tortured spirit roaming the passages of Hianbian

sprite: ghost (shade)
undead ghosts encountered in the Ruins of Hail, they attack with
debilitating touches and a variety of mostly black and purple spells

sprite: wyrm
flightless giant wyrms, picture the MTG type
also used for rockeater: giant monster encountered in the darkness 
of the Caves of Ilast.

sprite: dragon (rock dragon)
One or more generic dragon graphics required, there's currently one
anonymous dragon in the database (Rock Dragon) and one dragon boss
(Old Igor)

sprite: vampire
graphic for the (as yet unnamed) vampire who is the actual boss of the Ichiba Chamber of Commerce, if the player finds him it'll be down in the dungeons/sewers under Ichiba 
Also used for Ghul: boss monster at the Plain of Pillars, a nasty flesh eating ghoul

sprite: hag
graphic for the annis hag bosses of the Caves of Ilast, Getsel Gnawtooth and Miriam Marrowsucker

sprite: sorcerer (Bel Ies)
boss monster in the gloomy Writhing Mire, a crazy sorcerer encountered in his secluded hut

sprite: cat warrior (ren san, tao)
spite for the brothers who are the boss monsters of Dalen, the green 
magic bonus level. Fight with bushido blades.

sprite: ninja
deadly ninja, roaming the passages of Hianbian

sprite: accountant (WE Pickett)
graphic for the human NPC W.E. Pickett, the Director of the Ichiba
Chamber of Commerce. He's a bean counting bureaucrat and a useless
fighter.

sprite: faerie (crag faerie)
wee little faeries from Tornado Mountain that fight with daggers and
use gold magic.

sprite: bird (storm crow)
birds, with bite and claw attacks.

sprite: witch (Imogen)
graphic for the NPC Imogen, a human witch who lives in a tower in
Ichiba city. She uses black and green magic - her tower is populated
with sinister carniverous plants and stone golems. I guess I picture
her very loosely based on Poison Ivy from Batman, but with a lot of
Goth influence

sprite: skull crusher (ape)
a giant ape with a very big club

sprite: human thief
a generic graphic for human thieves and probably some of the NPCs -
cloak & dagger stuff

sprite: elf druid (lorelei)
graphic for the NPC Lorelei, and elf druid who maintains a green magic sanctuary near Danaos.

sprite: demon
generic demon sprite

sprite: panther (nightstalker)
a vicious giant panther

sprite: will o wisp
classic fantasy will o wisp, a pretty badass enemy

sprite: Fangorn
Vampire boss of the black-magic bonus level, Castle Fangorn

---------------------------------------------
TO BE EXPORTED AND TESTED

--------------------------------------------
TO BE COLOURED

---------------------------------------------
TO BE INKED

---------------------------------------------
TO BE TOUCHED UP

---------------------------------------------
TO BE DRAWN

sprite: angel??

graphic: flickering torch
a torch, flickering